Hey
Oh, Lord Long Shuai, please be merciful.
Prince prince prince prince
This person in front of you is no one else
He is called the god of anger
Lord Long Shuai
What's that?
He is the junior of Long Shuai and Da Shuai. Chu Chen has met Prince Xu
Lord Long Shuai doesn't need to be polite
He is Long Shuai
You can't go down the mountain to get treated.
Your health is getting worse every day
Forced treatment will kill you
he
Long Shuai is in danger of a national disaster
His beloved wife suffers from venom
This old man's stinky skin
How many years do you live?
Why not?
The old man Yijue'er and other swords
Yes.
Ah, the dragon is here, sir, please come here with this king
Thank you lord
To be obedient and read to succeed
It's not easy either
It will cost this king 30 years of energy
Help me to stop being young